
==== NAME ====

HTML::LinkList - Create a 'smart' list of HTML links.


==== VERSION ====

This describes version ``0.1501'' of HTML::LinkList.


==== DESCRIPTION ====

This module contains a number of functions for taking sets of URLs and
labels and creating suitably formatted HTML. These links are "smart"
because, if given the url of the current page, if any of the links in the
list equal it, that item in the list will be formatted as a special label,
not as a link; this is a Good Thing, since the user would be confused by
clicking on a link back to the current page.

While many website systems have plugins for "smart" navbars, they are
specialized for that system only, and can't be reused elsewhere, forcing
people to reinvent the wheel. I hereby present one wheel, free to be reused
by anybody; just the simple functions, a backend, which can be plugged into
whatever system you want.

The default format for the HTML is to make an unordered list, but there are
many options, enabling one to have a flatter layout with any separators you
desire, or a more complicated list with differing formats for different
levels.

The "link_list" function uses a simple list of links -- good for a simple
navbar.

The "link_tree" function takes a set of nested links and makes the HTML for
them -- good for making a table of contents, or a more complicated navbar.

The "full_tree" function takes a list of paths and makes a full tree of all
the pages and index-pages in those paths -- good for making a site map.

The "breadcrumb_trail" function takes a url and makes a "breadcrumb trail"
from it.

The "nav_tree" function creates a set of nested links to be used as a
multi-level navbar; one can give it a list of paths (as for full_tree) and
it will only show the links related to the current URL.


==== REQUIRES ====

    Test::More


==== INSTALLATION ====

To install this module, run the following commands:

    perl Build.PL
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install

Or, if you're on a platform (like DOS or Windows) that doesn't like the "./"
notation, you can do this:

   perl Build.PL
   perl Build
   perl Build test
   perl Build install

In order to install somewhere other than the default, such as in a directory
under your home directory, like "/home/fred/perl" go

   perl Build.PL --install_base /home/fred/perl

as the first step instead.

This will install the files underneath /home/fred/perl.

You will then need to make sure that you alter the PERL5LIB variable to find
the modules.

Therefore you will need to change the PERL5LIB variable to add
/home/fred/perl/lib

        PERL5LIB=/home/fred/perl/lib:${PERL5LIB}


==== AUTHOR ====

    Kathryn Andersen (RUBYKAT)
    perlkat AT katspace dot com
    http://www.katspace.com/tools/html_linklist/


==== COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE ====

Copyright (c) 2006 by Kathryn Andersen

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.

